link to interop for meeting instructions (#809)
w3c-ccg/traceability-vocab: README.md

<https://w3id.org/traceability>

## Meetings and Hosting

> Meetings and hosting instructions can be found at [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/traceability-interop/blob/main/MEETINGS.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meetings and hosting instructions are in [`traceability-interop/MEETINGS.md`](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/traceability-interop/blob/main/MEETINGS.md)
```
